IGNITE-14247 Add snapshot page, add checking snapshot commands (#8878)
apache/ignite: docs/_docs/tools/control-script.adoc

Like `idle_verify`, index validation tool works correctly only if updates are stopped. Otherwise, there may be a race between the checker thread and the thread that updates the entry/index, which can result in a false positive error report.
====

=== Checking Snapshot Consistency

> The checking snapshot consistency command working the same way as the `idle_verify` command does. It compares hashes between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checking snapshot consistency command works the same way as the `idle_verify` command does. It compares hashes between
```

> a primary partition and a corresponding backup partitions and prints a report any differences occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a primary partition and a corresponding backup partitions and prints a report if any differences are found.
```

Differences may be the result of inconsistencies in some data on the cluster from which the snapshot was taken. It is
recommended to perform the `idle_verify` procedure on the cluster if this case occurs.

> This procedure doesn't require the cluster to be in the `idle` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This procedure does not require the cluster to be in the `idle` state.
```

[tabs]
--
tab:Shell[]
[source,shell]
----

> # Checks partitions of all snapshot caches have correct checksums and primary/backup actually contain the same data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Checks that partitions of all snapshot caches have the correct checksums and primary/backup ones actually contain the same data.
```
